update dashboard document (#1614)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/getting-started/dashboard/index.md

- **2** - Other versions of the editor can be selected to open the project.
- **3** - Sort projects by time in forward/reverse order (new in version 1.0.12).
- **4** - Search projects directly by project name (new in version 1.0.12).

> - You can drag and drop items into the project list (new in version 1.0.13).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drag and drop items into the project list (new in version 1.0.13).
```

- **2** - Other versions of the editor can be selected to open the project.
- **3** - Sort projects by time in forward/reverse order (new in version 1.0.12).
- **4** - Search projects directly by project name (new in version 1.0.12).

> - **Add** button - For importing other projects. Since version **v1.0.13**, allows dragging and droping project into the project list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Add** button - For importing other projects. Since **v1.0.13**, allows dragging and droping project into the project list directly.
```

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

> **Note**: when Cocos Dashboard is first run, this list is empty. Click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.

> - **Locate**: Add a local editor to the **Editor** version list. Since version **v1.0.13**, allows dragging and droping the local Creator Editor into the **Editor** version list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Locate**: Add a local editor to the **Editor** version list. Since **v1.0.13**, allows dragging and droping the local Creator Editor into the **Editor** version list directly.
```

> Note that when you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: when Cocos Dashboard is first run, this list is empty. Click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.
```

> - Allows you to drag and drop the local Creator Editor into the **Editor** version list (new in version 1.0.13).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows dragging and droping the local Creator Editor into the **Editor** version list (new in version 1.0.13).
```
